---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datadog_api_keys Data Source - terraform-provider-datadog"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Use this data source to retrieve information about existing Datadog API keys.
---

# datadog_api_keys (Data Source)

Use this data source to retrieve information about existing Datadog API keys.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datadog_api_keys" "example" {
  filter = "example"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `filter` (String) Filter API keys by the specified string.
- `filter_category` (String) Filter API keys by category.
- `filter_created_at_end` (String) Only include API keys created on or before the specified date.
- `filter_created_at_start` (String) Only include API keys created on or after the specified date.
- `filter_modified_at_end` (String) Only include API keys modified on or before the specified date.
- `filter_modified_at_start` (String) Only include API keys modified on or after the specified date.
- `filter_remote_config_read_enabled` (Boolean) Filter API keys by remote config read enabled status.
- `include` (String) Comma separated list of resource paths for related resources to include in the response. Supported resource paths are `created_by` and `modified_by`.
- `page_number` (Number) Specific page number to return.
- `page_size` (Number) Size for a given page. The maximum allowed value is 100.

### Read-Only

- `api_keys` (Block List) Array of API keys. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--api_keys))
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--api_keys"></a>
### Nested Schema for `api_keys`

Read-Only:

- `category` (String) The category of the API key.
- `date_last_used` (String) Date the API Key was last used.
- `id` (String) ID of the API key.
- `last4` (String) The last four characters of the API key.
- `name` (String) Name of the API key.
- `remote_config_read_enabled` (Boolean) The remote config read enabled status.
