---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datadog_azure_uc_config Data Source - terraform-provider-datadog"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Use this data source to retrieve information about a specific Datadog Azure Usage Cost configuration. This allows you to fetch details about an existing Cloud Cost Management configuration for Azure billing data access.
---

# datadog_azure_uc_config (Data Source)

Use this data source to retrieve information about a specific Datadog Azure Usage Cost configuration. This allows you to fetch details about an existing Cloud Cost Management configuration for Azure billing data access.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cloud_account_id` (Number) The Datadog cloud account ID for the Azure Usage Cost configuration you want to retrieve information about.

### Read-Only

- `account_id` (String) The tenant ID of the Azure account.
- `actual_bill_config` (Block, Read-only) Configuration for the actual cost export. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--actual_bill_config))
- `amortized_bill_config` (Block, Read-only) Configuration for the amortized cost export. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--amortized_bill_config))
- `client_id` (String) The client ID of the Azure account.
- `created_at` (String) The timestamp when the Azure Usage Cost configuration was created.
- `error_messages` (List of String) List of error messages if the Azure Usage Cost configuration encountered any issues during setup or data processing.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `scope` (String) The scope of your observed subscription.
- `status` (String) The current status of the Azure Usage Cost configuration.
- `status_updated_at` (String) The timestamp when the configuration status was last updated.
- `updated_at` (String) The timestamp when the Azure Usage Cost configuration was last modified.

<a id="nestedblock--actual_bill_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `actual_bill_config`

Read-Only:

- `export_name` (String) The name of the configured Azure Export.
- `export_path` (String) The path where the Azure Export is saved.
- `storage_account` (String) The name of the storage account where the Azure Export is saved.
- `storage_container` (String) The name of the storage container where the Azure Export is saved.


<a id="nestedblock--amortized_bill_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `amortized_bill_config`

Read-Only:

- `export_name` (String) The name of the configured Azure Export.
- `export_path` (String) The path where the Azure Export is saved.
- `storage_account` (String) The name of the storage account where the Azure Export is saved.
- `storage_container` (String) The name of the storage container where the Azure Export is saved.
