---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datadog_downtimes Data Source - terraform-provider-datadog"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Use this data source to retrieve information about existing Datadog downtimes.
---

# datadog_downtimes (Data Source)

Use this data source to retrieve information about existing Datadog downtimes.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datadog_downtimes" "example" {
  current_only = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `current_only` (Boolean) Only return downtimes that are active when the request is made.
- `include` (String) Comma-separated list of resource paths for related resources to include in the response. Supported resource
paths are `created_by` and `monitor`.
- `page_offset` (Number) Specific offset to use as the beginning of the returned page.

### Read-Only

- `downtimes` (Block List) An array of downtimes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--downtimes))
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--downtimes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `downtimes`

Read-Only:

- `canceled` (String) Time that the downtime was canceled.
- `created` (String) Creation time of the downtime.
- `display_timezone` (String) The timezone in which to display the downtime's start and end times in Datadog applications. This is not used
as an offset for scheduling.
- `id` (String) The downtime ID.
- `message` (String) A message to include with notifications for this downtime. Email notifications can be sent to specific users
by using the same `@username` notation as events.
- `modified` (String) Time that the downtime was last modified.
- `mute_first_recovery_notification` (Boolean) If the first recovery notification during a downtime should be muted.
- `notify_end_states` (List of String) States that will trigger a monitor notification when the `notify_end_types` action occurs.
- `notify_end_types` (List of String) Actions that will trigger a monitor notification if the downtime is in the `notify_end_types` state.
- `scope` (String) The scope to which the downtime applies. Must follow the [common search syntax](https://docs.datadoghq.com/logs/explorer/search_syntax/).
- `status` (String) The current status of the downtime.
