---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datadog_hosts Data Source - terraform-provider-datadog"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Use this data source to retrieve information about your live hosts in Datadog.
---

# datadog_hosts (Data Source)

Use this data source to retrieve information about your live hosts in Datadog.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datadog_hosts" "foo" {
  include_muted_hosts_data = true
  include_hosts_metadata   = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `filter` (String) String to filter search results.
- `from` (Number) Number of seconds since UNIX epoch from which you want to search your hosts.
- `include_muted_hosts_data` (Boolean) Include information on the muted status of hosts and when the mute expires.
- `sort_dir` (String) Direction of sort.
- `sort_field` (String) Sort hosts by this field.

### Read-Only

- `host_list` (List of Object) List of hosts (1000 Max). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--host_list))
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `total_matching` (Number) Number of host matching the query.
- `total_returned` (Number) Number of host returned.

<a id="nestedatt--host_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `host_list`

Read-Only:

- `aliases` (List of String)
- `apps` (List of String)
- `aws_name` (String)
- `host_name` (String)
- `id` (Number)
- `is_muted` (Boolean)
- `last_reported_time` (Number)
- `meta` (Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--host_list--meta))
- `metrics` (Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--host_list--metrics))
- `mute_timeout` (Number)
- `name` (String)
- `sources` (List of String)
- `up` (Boolean)

<a id="nestedobjatt--host_list--meta"></a>
### Nested Schema for `host_list.meta`

Read-Only:

- `agent_version` (String)
- `cpu_cores` (Number)
- `gohai` (String)
- `machine` (String)
- `platform` (String)
- `processor` (String)
- `python_version` (String)
- `socket_fqdn` (String)
- `socket_hostname` (String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--host_list--metrics"></a>
### Nested Schema for `host_list.metrics`

Read-Only:

- `cpu` (Number)
- `iowait` (Number)
- `load` (Number)
