---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datadog_ip_ranges Data Source - terraform-provider-datadog"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Use this data source to retrieve information about Datadog's IP addresses.
---

# datadog_ip_ranges (Data Source)

Use this data source to retrieve information about Datadog's IP addresses.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "datadog_ip_ranges" "test" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `agents_ipv4` (List of String) An Array of IPv4 addresses in CIDR format specifying the A records for the Agent endpoint.
- `agents_ipv6` (List of String) An Array of IPv6 addresses in CIDR format specifying the A records for the Agent endpoint.
- `api_ipv4` (List of String) An Array of IPv4 addresses in CIDR format specifying the A records for the API endpoint.
- `api_ipv6` (List of String) An Array of IPv6 addresses in CIDR format specifying the A records for the API endpoint.
- `apm_ipv4` (List of String) An Array of IPv4 addresses in CIDR format specifying the A records for the APM endpoint.
- `apm_ipv6` (List of String) An Array of IPv6 addresses in CIDR format specifying the A records for the APM endpoint.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `logs_ipv4` (List of String) An Array of IPv4 addresses in CIDR format specifying the A records for the Logs endpoint.
- `logs_ipv6` (List of String) An Array of IPv6 addresses in CIDR format specifying the A records for the Logs endpoint.
- `orchestrator_ipv4` (List of String) An Array of IPv4 addresses in CIDR format specifying the A records for the Orchestrator endpoint.
- `orchestrator_ipv6` (List of String) An Array of IPv6 addresses in CIDR format specifying the A records for the Orchestrator endpoint.
- `process_ipv4` (List of String) An Array of IPv4 addresses in CIDR format specifying the A records for the Process endpoint.
- `process_ipv6` (List of String) An Array of IPv6 addresses in CIDR format specifying the A records for the Process endpoint.
- `synthetics_ipv4` (List of String) An Array of IPv4 addresses in CIDR format specifying the A records for the Synthetics endpoint.
- `synthetics_ipv4_by_location` (Map of String) A map of IPv4 prefixes (string of concatenated IPs, delimited by ',') by location.
- `synthetics_ipv6` (List of String) An Array of IPv6 addresses in CIDR format specifying the A records for the Synthetics endpoint.
- `synthetics_ipv6_by_location` (Map of String) A map of IPv6 prefixes (string of concatenated IPs, delimited by ',') by location.
- `webhooks_ipv4` (List of String) An Array of IPv4 addresses in CIDR format specifying the A records for the Webhooks endpoint.
- `webhooks_ipv6` (List of String) An Array of IPv6 addresses in CIDR format specifying the A records for the Webhooks endpoint.
