---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datadog_organization_settings Data Source - terraform-provider-datadog"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Use this data source to retrieve information about your Datadog organization.
---

# datadog_organization_settings (Data Source)

Use this data source to retrieve information about your Datadog organization.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `description` (String) Description of the organization.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `name` (String) Name of the organization.
- `public_id` (String) The public_id of the organization.
- `settings` (Block List) Organization settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings))

<a id="nestedblock--settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings`

Read-Only:

- `private_widget_share` (Boolean) Whether or not the organization users can share widgets outside of Datadog.
- `saml` (Block List) SAML properties. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--saml))
- `saml_autocreate_access_role` (String) The access role of the user. Options are `st` (standard user), `adm` (admin user), or `ro` (read-only user). Allowed enum values: `st`, `adm`, `ro`, `ERROR`.
- `saml_autocreate_users_domains` (Block List) List of domains where the SAML automated user creation is enabled. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--saml_autocreate_users_domains))
- `saml_can_be_enabled` (Boolean) Whether or not SAML can be enabled for this organization.
- `saml_idp_endpoint` (String) Identity provider endpoint for SAML authentication.
- `saml_idp_initiated_login` (Block List) Whether or not a SAML identity provider metadata file was provided to the Datadog organization. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--saml_idp_initiated_login))
- `saml_idp_metadata_uploaded` (Boolean) Whether or not a SAML identity provider metadata file was provided to the Datadog organization.
- `saml_login_url` (String) URL for SAML logging.
- `saml_strict_mode` (Block List) Whether or not the SAML strict mode is enabled. If true, all users must log in with SAML. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--saml_strict_mode))

<a id="nestedblock--settings--saml"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.saml`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether or not SAML is enabled for this organization.


<a id="nestedblock--settings--saml_autocreate_users_domains"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.saml_autocreate_users_domains`

Read-Only:

- `domains` (List of String) List of domains where the SAML automated user creation is enabled.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether or not the automated user creation based on SAML domain is enabled.


<a id="nestedblock--settings--saml_idp_initiated_login"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.saml_idp_initiated_login`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether or not a SAML identity provider metadata file was provided to the Datadog organization.


<a id="nestedblock--settings--saml_strict_mode"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.saml_strict_mode`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether or not the SAML strict mode is enabled. If true, all users must log in with SAML.
