---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datadog_rum_applications Data Source - terraform-provider-datadog"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Use this data source to retrieve information about existing Datadog rum applications.
---

# datadog_rum_applications (Data Source)

Use this data source to retrieve information about existing Datadog rum applications.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `rum_applications` (Block List) RUM applications array response. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rum_applications))

<a id="nestedblock--rum_applications"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rum_applications`

Read-Only:

- `application_id` (String) ID of the RUM application.
- `created_at` (Number) Timestamp in ms of the creation date.
- `created_by_handle` (String) Handle of the creator user.
- `hash` (String) Hash of the RUM application. Optional.
- `id` (String) RUM application ID.
- `is_active` (Boolean) Indicates if the RUM application is active.
- `name` (String) Name of the RUM application.
- `org_id` (Number) Org ID of the RUM application.
- `product_scales` (Block, Read-only) Product Scales configuration for the RUM application. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rum_applications--product_scales))
- `type` (String) Type of the RUM application. Supported values are `browser`, `ios`, `android`, `react-native`, `flutter`, `roku`, `electron`, `unity`, `kotlin-multiplatform`.
- `updated_at` (Number) Timestamp in ms of the last update date.
- `updated_by_handle` (String) Handle of the updater user.

<a id="nestedblock--rum_applications--product_scales"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rum_applications.product_scales`

Read-Only:

- `product_analytics_retention_scale` (Block, Read-only) Product Analytics retention scale configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rum_applications--product_scales--product_analytics_retention_scale))
- `rum_event_processing_scale` (Block, Read-only) RUM event processing scale configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rum_applications--product_scales--rum_event_processing_scale))

<a id="nestedblock--rum_applications--product_scales--product_analytics_retention_scale"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rum_applications.product_scales.product_analytics_retention_scale`

Read-Only:

- `last_modified_at` (Number) Timestamp in milliseconds when this scale was last modified.
- `state` (String) Controls the retention policy for Product Analytics data derived from RUM events.


<a id="nestedblock--rum_applications--product_scales--rum_event_processing_scale"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rum_applications.product_scales.rum_event_processing_scale`

Read-Only:

- `last_modified_at` (Number) Timestamp in milliseconds when this scale was last modified.
- `state` (String) Configures which RUM events are processed and stored for the application.
