---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datadog_appsec_waf_custom_rule Resource - terraform-provider-datadog"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a Datadog AppsecWafCustomRule resource. This can be used to create and manage Datadog appsec_waf_custom_rule.
---

# datadog_appsec_waf_custom_rule (Resource)

Provides a Datadog AppsecWafCustomRule resource. This can be used to create and manage Datadog appsec_waf_custom_rule.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Create new appsec_waf_custom_rule resource

resource "datadog_appsec_waf_custom_rule" "foo" {
  action {
    action = "block"
    parameters {
      location    = "/blocking"
      status_code = 403
    }
  }
  blocking = "UPDATE ME"
  conditions {
    operator = "match_regex"
    parameters {
      data = "blocked_users"
      inputs {
        address  = "server.db.statement"
        key_path = "UPDATE ME"
      }
      list  = "UPDATE ME"
      regex = "path.*"
    }
  }
  enabled   = "UPDATE ME"
  name      = "Block request from a bad useragent"
  path_glob = "/api/search/*"
  scope {
    env     = "prod"
    service = "billing-service"
  }
  tags = {
    category = "business_logic"
    type     = "users.login.success"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `blocking` (Boolean) Indicates whether the WAF custom rule will block the request.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the WAF custom rule is enabled.
- `name` (String) The Name of the WAF custom rule.
- `tags` (Map of String) Tags associated with the WAF custom rule. `category` and `type` tags are required. Supported categories include `business_logic`, `attack_attempt` and `security_response`.

### Optional

- `action` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--action))
- `conditions` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--conditions))
- `path_glob` (String) The path glob for the WAF custom rule.
- `scope` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--scope))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--action"></a>
### Nested Schema for `action`

Optional:

- `action` (String) Override the default action to take when the WAF custom rule would block.
- `parameters` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--action--parameters))

<a id="nestedblock--action--parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `action.parameters`

Optional:

- `location` (String) The location to redirect to when the WAF custom rule triggers.
- `status_code` (Number) The status code to return when the WAF custom rule triggers.



<a id="nestedblock--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conditions`

Optional:

- `operator` (String) Operator to use for the WAF Condition.
- `parameters` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--conditions--parameters))

<a id="nestedblock--conditions--parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conditions.parameters`

Optional:

- `data` (String) Identifier of a list of data from the denylist. Can only be used as substitution from the list parameter.
- `inputs` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--conditions--parameters--inputs))
- `list` (List of String) List of value to use with the condition. Only used with the phrase_match, !phrase_match, exact_match and !exact_match operator.
- `options` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--conditions--parameters--options))
- `regex` (String) Regex to use with the condition. Only used with match_regex and !match_regex operator.

<a id="nestedblock--conditions--parameters--inputs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conditions.parameters.inputs`

Optional:

- `address` (String) Input from the request on which the condition should apply.
- `key_path` (List of String) Specific path for the input.


<a id="nestedblock--conditions--parameters--options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conditions.parameters.options`

Optional:

- `case_sensitive` (Boolean) Evaluate the value as case sensitive.
- `min_length` (Number) Only evaluate this condition if the value has a minimum amount of characters.




<a id="nestedblock--scope"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope`

Optional:

- `env` (String) The environment scope for the WAF custom rule.
- `service` (String) The service scope for the WAF custom rule.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import datadog_appsec_waf_custom_rule.new_list ""
```
