---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datadog_datastore Resource - terraform-provider-datadog"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a Datadog Datastore resource. This can be used to create and manage Datadog datastore.
---

# datadog_datastore (Resource)

Provides a Datadog Datastore resource. This can be used to create and manage Datadog datastore.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Create new datastore resource

resource "datadog_datastore" "foo" {
  description                     = "My application datastore"
  name                            = "my-datastore"
  org_access                      = "manager"
  primary_column_name             = "id"
  primary_key_generation_strategy = "none"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The display name for the new datastore.
- `primary_column_name` (String) The name of the primary key column for this datastore. Primary column names:   - Must abide by both [PostgreSQL naming conventions](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/7.0/syntax525.htm)   - Cannot exceed 63 characters

### Optional

- `description` (String) A human-readable description about the datastore.
- `org_access` (String) The organization access level for the datastore. For example, 'contributor'.
- `primary_key_generation_strategy` (String) Can be set to `uuid` to automatically generate primary keys when new items are added. Default value is `none`, which requires you to supply a primary key for each new item.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) Timestamp when the datastore was created.
- `creator_user_id` (Number) The numeric ID of the user who created the datastore.
- `creator_user_uuid` (String) The UUID of the user who created the datastore.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `modified_at` (String) Timestamp when the datastore was last modified.
- `org_id` (Number) The ID of the organization that owns this datastore.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import datadog_datastore.foo "datastore-id"
```
