---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datadog_deployment_gate Resource - terraform-provider-datadog"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a Datadog DeploymentGate resource. This can be used to create and manage Datadog deployment_gate.
---

# datadog_deployment_gate (Resource)

Provides a Datadog DeploymentGate resource. This can be used to create and manage Datadog deployment_gate.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Create new deployment_gate resource

resource "datadog_deployment_gate" "foo" {
  dry_run    = "false"
  env        = "production"
  identifier = "my-gate"
  service    = "my-service"

  rule {
    name    = "fdd"
    type    = "faulty_deployment_detection"
    dry_run = false
    options {
      duration           = 1300
      excluded_resources = ["GET api/v1/test"]
    }
  }

  rule {
    name    = "monitor"
    type    = "monitor"
    dry_run = false
    options {
      query    = "service:test-service"
      duration = 1300
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `env` (String) The target environment (example: dev).
- `service` (String) The service name (example: transaction-backend).

### Optional

- `dry_run` (Boolean) Enable Dry Run to test gate behavior without impacting deployments. The evaluation of a dry run gate always responds with a pass status, but the in-app result is the real status based on rules evaluation. This is particularly useful when performing an initial evaluation of the gate behavior without impacting the deployment pipeline.
- `identifier` (String) Unique name for multiple gates on the same service/environment.
- `rule` (Block List) Deployment rules for this gate. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rule))

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) Creation timestamp of the deployment gate.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `updated_at` (String) Last update timestamp of the deployment gate.

<a id="nestedblock--rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule`

Required:

- `name` (String) The rule name. Must be unique within the deployment gate.
- `type` (String) The rule type (e.g., 'faulty_deployment_detection', 'monitor').

Optional:

- `dry_run` (Boolean) Whether the rule is in dry run mode.
- `options` (Block, Optional) Options for the deployment rule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rule--options))

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The rule ID.

<a id="nestedblock--rule--options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule.options`

Optional:

- `duration` (Number) The duration for the rule.
- `excluded_resources` (List of String) Resources to exclude from faulty deployment detection.
- `query` (String) The query for monitor rules.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import datadog_deployment_gate.new_list "<deployment-gate-id>"
```
