---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datadog_downtime Resource - terraform-provider-datadog"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource is deprecated — use the datadog_downtime_schedule resource instead. Provides a Datadog downtime resource. This can be used to create and manage Datadog downtimes.
---

# datadog_downtime (Resource)

This resource is deprecated — use the `datadog_downtime_schedule resource` instead. Provides a Datadog downtime resource. This can be used to create and manage Datadog downtimes.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Example: downtime for a specific monitor
# Create a new daily 1700-0900 Datadog downtime for a specific monitor id
resource "datadog_downtime" "foo" {
  scope      = ["*"]
  start      = 1483308000
  end        = 1483365600
  monitor_id = 12345

  recurrence {
    type   = "days"
    period = 1
  }
}

# Example: downtime for all monitors
# Create a new daily 1700-0900 Datadog downtime for all monitors
resource "datadog_downtime" "foo" {
  scope = ["*"]
  start = 1483308000
  end   = 1483365600

  recurrence {
    type   = "days"
    period = 1
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `scope` (List of String) specify the group scope to which this downtime applies. For everything use '*'

### Optional

- `end` (Number) Optionally specify an end date when this downtime should expire. Accepts a Unix timestamp in UTC.
- `end_date` (String) String representing date and time to end the downtime in RFC3339 format.
- `message` (String) An optional message to provide when creating the downtime, can include notification handles
- `monitor_id` (Number) When specified, this downtime will only apply to this monitor
- `monitor_tags` (Set of String) A list of monitor tags (up to 32) to base the scheduled downtime on. Only monitors that have all selected tags are silenced
- `mute_first_recovery_notification` (Boolean) When true the first recovery notification during the downtime will be muted
- `recurrence` (Block List, Max: 1) Optional recurring schedule for this downtime (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--recurrence))
- `start` (Number) Specify when this downtime should start. Accepts a Unix timestamp in UTC.
- `start_date` (String) String representing date and time to start the downtime in RFC3339 format.
- `timezone` (String) The timezone for the downtime, default UTC. Follows IANA timezone database identifiers.

### Read-Only

- `active` (Boolean) When true indicates this downtime is being actively applied
- `active_child_id` (Number) The id corresponding to the downtime object definition of the active child for the original parent recurring downtime. This field will only exist on recurring downtimes.
- `disabled` (Boolean) When true indicates this downtime is not being applied
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--recurrence"></a>
### Nested Schema for `recurrence`

Required:

- `type` (String) One of `days`, `weeks`, `months`, `years`, or `rrule`.

Optional:

- `period` (Number) How often to repeat as an integer. For example to repeat every 3 days, select a `type` of `days` and a `period` of `3`.
- `rrule` (String) The RRULE standard for defining recurring events. For example, to have a recurring event on the first day of each month, use `FREQ=MONTHLY;INTERVAL=1`. Most common rrule options from the iCalendar Spec are supported. Attributes specifying the duration in RRULE are not supported (for example, `DTSTART`, `DTEND`, `DURATION`). Only applicable when `type` is `rrule`.
- `until_date` (Number) The date at which the recurrence should end as a POSIX timestamp. `until_occurrences` and `until_date` are mutually exclusive.
- `until_occurrences` (Number) How many times the downtime will be rescheduled. `until_occurrences` and `until_date` are mutually exclusive.
- `week_days` (List of String) A list of week days to repeat on. Choose from: `Mon`, `Tue`, `Wed`, `Thu`, `Fri`, `Sat` or `Sun`. Only applicable when `type` is `weeks`. First letter must be capitalized.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import datadog_downtime.bytes_received_localhost 2081
```
