---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datadog_gcp_uc_config Resource - terraform-provider-datadog"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a Datadog GcpUcConfig resource. This can be used to create and manage Datadog gcp_uc_config.
---

# datadog_gcp_uc_config (Resource)

Provides a Datadog GcpUcConfig resource. This can be used to create and manage Datadog gcp_uc_config.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Create new GCP Usage Cost configuration resource

resource "datadog_gcp_uc_config" "example" {
  billing_account_id  = "123456_ABCDEF_123456"
  bucket_name         = "my-gcp-cost-bucket"
  export_dataset_name = "billing_export"
  export_prefix       = "datadog_cloud_cost_detailed_usage_export"
  export_project_name = "my-gcp-project"
  service_account     = "datadog-cost-management@my-gcp-project.iam.gserviceaccount.com"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `billing_account_id` (String) The Google Cloud account ID.
- `bucket_name` (String) The Google Cloud bucket name used to store the Usage Cost export.
- `export_dataset_name` (String) The export dataset name used for the Google Cloud Usage Cost report.
- `export_project_name` (String) The name of the Google Cloud Usage Cost report.
- `service_account` (String) The unique Google Cloud service account email.

### Optional

- `export_prefix` (String) The export prefix used for the Google Cloud Usage Cost report.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The timestamp when the GCP UC configuration was created.
- `dataset` (String) The dataset name used for the GCP Usage Cost export.
- `error_messages` (List of String) List of error messages if the GCP UC configuration encountered any issues during setup or data processing.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `months` (Number) The number of months of usage data to include in the export.
- `status` (String) The current status of the GCP UC configuration.
- `status_updated_at` (String) The timestamp when the configuration status was last updated.
- `updated_at` (String) The timestamp when the GCP UC configuration was last modified.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import datadog_gcp_uc_config.example <cloud_account_id>
```
