---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datadog_monitor_notification_rule Resource - terraform-provider-datadog"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a Datadog MonitorNotificationRule resource.
---

# datadog_monitor_notification_rule (Resource)

Provides a Datadog MonitorNotificationRule resource.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Create new monitor_notification_rule resource

resource "datadog_monitor_notification_rule" "foo" {
  name       = "A notification rule name"
  recipients = ["slack-test-channel", "jira-test"]
  filter {
    tags = ["env:foo"]
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the monitor notification rule.

### Optional

- `conditional_recipients` (Block, Optional) Use conditional recipients to define different recipients for different situations. Cannot be used with `recipients`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--conditional_recipients))
- `filter` (Block, Optional) Specifies the matching criteria for monitor notifications.(see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--filter))
- `recipients` (Set of String) List of recipients to notify. Cannot be used with `conditional_recipients`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--conditional_recipients"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conditional_recipients`

Optional:

- `conditions` (Block List) Conditions of the notification rule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--conditional_recipients--conditions))
- `fallback_recipients` (Set of String) If none of the `conditions` applied, `fallback_recipients` will get notified.

<a id="nestedblock--conditional_recipients--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conditional_recipients.conditions`

Required:

- `recipients` (Set of String) A list of recipients to notify. Uses the same format as the monitor message field. Must not start with an '@'.
- `scope` (String) Defines the condition under which the recipients are notified. Supported formats: Monitor status condition using `transition_type:<status>` (for example `transition_type:is_alert`) or a single tag `key:value pair` (for example `env:prod`).



<a id="nestedblock--filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filter`

Optional:

- `scope` (String) A scope expression composed of `key:value` pairs (such as `env:prod`) with boolean operators (AND, OR, NOT) and parentheses for grouping.
- `tags` (Set of String) A list of tag key:value pairs (e.g. team:product). All tags must match (AND semantics).

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import datadog_monitor_notification_rule.new_list "00e000000-0000-1234-0000-000000000000"
```
