---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datadog_organization_settings Resource - terraform-provider-datadog"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a Datadog Organization resource. This can be used to manage your Datadog organization's settings.
---

# datadog_organization_settings (Resource)

Provides a Datadog Organization resource. This can be used to manage your Datadog organization's settings.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Manage Datadog Organization
resource "datadog_organization_settings" "organization" {
  name = "foo-organization"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- **name** (String) Name for Organization.
- **settings** (Block List, Max: 1) Organization settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings))

### Read-Only

- **description** (String) Description of the organization.
- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **public_id** (String) The `public_id` of the organization you are operating within.

<a id="nestedblock--settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings`

Required:

- **saml** (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) SAML properties (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--saml))
- **saml_autocreate_users_domains** (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) List of domains where the SAML automated user creation is enabled. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--saml_autocreate_users_domains))
- **saml_idp_initiated_login** (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Whether or not a SAML identity provider metadata file was provided to the Datadog organization. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--saml_idp_initiated_login))
- **saml_strict_mode** (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Whether or not the SAML strict mode is enabled. If true, all users must log in with SAML. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings--saml_strict_mode))

Optional:

- **private_widget_share** (Boolean) Whether or not the organization users can share widgets outside of Datadog.
- **saml_autocreate_access_role** (String) The access role of the user. Options are `st` (standard user), `adm` (admin user), or `ro` (read-only user). Allowed enum values: `st`, `adm` , `ro`, `ERROR`

Read-Only:

- **saml_can_be_enabled** (Boolean) Whether or not SAML can be enabled for this organization.
- **saml_idp_endpoint** (String) Identity provider endpoint for SAML authentication.
- **saml_idp_metadata_uploaded** (Boolean) Whether or not a SAML identity provider metadata file was provided to the Datadog organization.
- **saml_login_url** (String) URL for SAML logging.

<a id="nestedblock--settings--saml"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.saml`

Optional:

- **enabled** (Boolean) Whether or not SAML is enabled for this organization.


<a id="nestedblock--settings--saml_autocreate_users_domains"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.saml_autocreate_users_domains`

Optional:

- **domains** (List of String) List of domains where the SAML automated user creation is enabled.
- **enabled** (Boolean) Whether or not the automated user creation based on SAML domain is enabled.


<a id="nestedblock--settings--saml_idp_initiated_login"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.saml_idp_initiated_login`

Optional:

- **enabled** (Boolean) Whether or not a SAML identity provider metadata file was provided to the Datadog organization.


<a id="nestedblock--settings--saml_strict_mode"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.saml_strict_mode`

Optional:

- **enabled** (Boolean) Whether or not the SAML strict mode is enabled. If true, all users must log in with SAML.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import datadog_organization_settings.organization 11111111-2222-3333-4444-555555555555
```
