---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datadog_powerpack Resource - terraform-provider-datadog"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a Datadog powerpack resource. This can be used to create and manage Datadog powerpacks.
---

# datadog_powerpack (Resource)

Provides a Datadog powerpack resource. This can be used to create and manage Datadog powerpacks.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `description` (String) The description of the powerpack.
- `layout` (Block List, Max: 1) The layout of the powerpack on a 'free' dashboard. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--layout))
- `name` (String) The name for the powerpack.
- `show_title` (Boolean) Whether or not title should be displayed in the powerpack.
- `tags` (Set of String) List of tags to identify this powerpack.
- `template_variables` (Block List) The list of template variables for this powerpack. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--template_variables))
- `widget` (Block List) The list of widgets to display in the powerpack. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--widget))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--layout"></a>
### Nested Schema for `layout`

Required:

- `height` (Number) The height of the widget.
- `width` (Number) The width of the widget.
- `x` (Number) The position of the widget on the x (horizontal) axis. Should be greater than or equal to 0.
- `y` (Number) The position of the widget on the y (vertical) axis. Should be greater than or equal to 0.

Optional:

- `is_column_break` (Boolean) Whether the widget should be the first one on the second column in high density or not. Only for the new dashboard layout and only one widget in the dashboard should have this property set to `true`.


<a id="nestedblock--template_variables"></a>
### Nested Schema for `template_variables`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the powerpack template variable.

Optional:

- `defaults` (List of String) One or many default values for powerpack template variables on load. If more than one default is specified, they will be unioned together with `OR`.


<a id="nestedblock--widget"></a>
### Nested Schema for `widget`

Optional:

- `alert_graph_definition` (Block List, Max: 1) The definition for a Alert Graph widget. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--widget--alert_graph_definition))
- `check_status_definition` (Block List, Max: 1) The definition for a Check Status widget. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--widget--check_status_definition))
- `free_text_definition` (Block List, Max: 1) The definition for a Free Text widget. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--widget--free_text_definition))
- `iframe_definition` (Block List, Max: 1) The definition for an Iframe widget. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--widget--iframe_definition))
- `image_definition` (Block List, Max: 1) The definition for an Image widget (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--widget--image_definition))
- `note_definition` (Block List, Max: 1) The definition for a Note widget. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--widget--note_definition))
- `servicemap_definition` (Block List, Max: 1) The definition for a Service Map widget. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--widget--servicemap_definition))
- `widget_layout` (Block List, Max: 1) The layout of the widget on a 'free' dashboard. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--widget--widget_layout))

Read-Only:

- `id` (Number) The ID of the widget.

<a id="nestedblock--widget--alert_graph_definition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `widget.alert_graph_definition`

Required:

- `alert_id` (String) The ID of the monitor used by the widget.
- `viz_type` (String) Type of visualization to use when displaying the widget. Valid values are `timeseries`, `toplist`.

Optional:

- `live_span` (String) The timeframe to use when displaying the widget. Valid values are `1m`, `5m`, `10m`, `15m`, `30m`, `1h`, `4h`, `1d`, `2d`, `1w`, `1mo`, `3mo`, `6mo`, `1y`, `alert`.
- `title` (String) The title of the widget.
- `title_align` (String) The alignment of the widget's title. Valid values are `center`, `left`, `right`.
- `title_size` (String) The size of the widget's title (defaults to 16).


<a id="nestedblock--widget--check_status_definition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `widget.check_status_definition`

Required:

- `check` (String) The check to use in the widget.
- `grouping` (String) The kind of grouping to use. Valid values are `check`, `cluster`.

Optional:

- `group` (String) The check group to use in the widget.
- `group_by` (List of String) When `grouping = "cluster"`, indicates a list of tags to use for grouping.
- `live_span` (String) The timeframe to use when displaying the widget. Valid values are `1m`, `5m`, `10m`, `15m`, `30m`, `1h`, `4h`, `1d`, `2d`, `1w`, `1mo`, `3mo`, `6mo`, `1y`, `alert`.
- `tags` (List of String) A list of tags to use in the widget.
- `title` (String) The title of the widget.
- `title_align` (String) The alignment of the widget's title. Valid values are `center`, `left`, `right`.
- `title_size` (String) The size of the widget's title (defaults to 16).


<a id="nestedblock--widget--free_text_definition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `widget.free_text_definition`

Required:

- `text` (String) The text to display in the widget.

Optional:

- `color` (String) The color of the text in the widget.
- `font_size` (String) The size of the text in the widget.
- `text_align` (String) The alignment of the text in the widget. Valid values are `center`, `left`, `right`.


<a id="nestedblock--widget--iframe_definition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `widget.iframe_definition`

Required:

- `url` (String) The URL to use as a data source for the widget.


<a id="nestedblock--widget--image_definition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `widget.image_definition`

Required:

- `url` (String) The URL to use as a data source for the widget.

Optional:

- `has_background` (Boolean) Whether to display a background or not. Defaults to `true`.
- `has_border` (Boolean) Whether to display a border or not. Defaults to `true`.
- `horizontal_align` (String) The horizontal alignment for the widget. Valid values are `center`, `left`, `right`.
- `margin` (String) The margins to use around the image. Note: `small` and `large` values are deprecated. Valid values are `sm`, `md`, `lg`, `small`, `large`.
- `sizing` (String) The preferred method to adapt the dimensions of the image. The values are based on the image `object-fit` CSS properties. Note: `zoom`, `fit` and `center` values are deprecated. Valid values are `fill`, `contain`, `cover`, `none`, `scale-down`, `zoom`, `fit`, `center`.
- `url_dark_theme` (String) The URL in dark mode to use as a data source for the widget.
- `vertical_align` (String) The vertical alignment for the widget. Valid values are `center`, `top`, `bottom`.


<a id="nestedblock--widget--note_definition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `widget.note_definition`

Required:

- `content` (String) The content of the note.

Optional:

- `background_color` (String) The background color of the note.
- `font_size` (String) The size of the text.
- `has_padding` (Boolean) Whether to add padding or not. Defaults to `true`.
- `show_tick` (Boolean) Whether to show a tick or not.
- `text_align` (String) The alignment of the widget's text. Valid values are `center`, `left`, `right`.
- `tick_edge` (String) When `tick = true`, a string indicating on which side of the widget the tick should be displayed. Valid values are `bottom`, `left`, `right`, `top`.
- `tick_pos` (String) When `tick = true`, a string with a percent sign indicating the position of the tick, for example: `tick_pos = "50%"` is centered alignment.
- `vertical_align` (String) The vertical alignment for the widget. Valid values are `center`, `top`, `bottom`.


<a id="nestedblock--widget--servicemap_definition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `widget.servicemap_definition`

Required:

- `filters` (List of String) Your environment and primary tag (or `*` if enabled for your account).
- `service` (String) The ID of the service to map.

Optional:

- `custom_link` (Block List) A nested block describing a custom link. Multiple `custom_link` blocks are allowed using the structure below. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--widget--servicemap_definition--custom_link))
- `title` (String) The title of the widget.
- `title_align` (String) The alignment of the widget's title. Valid values are `center`, `left`, `right`.
- `title_size` (String) The size of the widget's title (defaults to 16).

<a id="nestedblock--widget--servicemap_definition--custom_link"></a>
### Nested Schema for `widget.servicemap_definition.custom_link`

Optional:

- `is_hidden` (Boolean) The flag for toggling context menu link visibility.
- `label` (String) The label for the custom link URL.
- `link` (String) The URL of the custom link.
- `override_label` (String) The label ID that refers to a context menu link item. When `override_label` is provided, the client request omits the label field.



<a id="nestedblock--widget--widget_layout"></a>
### Nested Schema for `widget.widget_layout`

Required:

- `height` (Number) The height of the widget.
- `width` (Number) The width of the widget.
- `x` (Number) The position of the widget on the x (horizontal) axis. Should be greater than or equal to 0.
- `y` (Number) The position of the widget on the y (vertical) axis. Should be greater than or equal to 0.

Optional:

- `is_column_break` (Boolean) Whether the widget should be the first one on the second column in high density or not. Only for the new dashboard layout and only one widget in the dashboard should have this property set to `true`.
