---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datadog_screenboard Resource - terraform-provider-datadog"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a Datadog screenboard resource. This can be used to create and manage Datadog screenboards.
---

# datadog_screenboard (Resource)

Provides a Datadog screenboard resource. This can be used to create and manage Datadog screenboards.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **title** (String) Name of the screenboard
- **widget** (Block List, Min: 1) A list of widget definitions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--widget))

### Optional

- **height** (String) Height of the screenboard
- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **read_only** (Boolean) The read-only status of the screenboard. Default is `false`.
- **shared** (Boolean) Whether the screenboard is shared or not
- **template_variable** (Block List) A list of template variables for using Dashboard templating. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--template_variable))
- **width** (String) Width of the screenboard

<a id="nestedblock--widget"></a>
### Nested Schema for `widget`

Required:

- **type** (String) The type of the widget. One of [ 'free_text', 'timeseries', 'query_value', 'toplist', 'change', 'event_timeline', 'event_stream', 'image', 'note', 'alert_graph', 'alert_value', 'iframe', 'check_status', 'trace_service', 'hostmap', 'manage_status', 'log_stream', 'process']
- **x** (Number) The position of the widget on the x axis.
- **y** (Number) The position of the widget on the y axis.

Optional:

- **alert_id** (Number) Only for widgets of type `alert_value`, `alert_graph`. The ID of the monitor used by the widget.
- **auto_refresh** (Boolean) Only for widgets of type `alert_value`, `alert_graph`. Boolean indicating whether the widget is refreshed automatically.
- **bgcolor** (String) Only for widgets of type `note`. The color of the background of the widget.
- **check** (String) Only for widgets of type `check_status`. The check to use in the widget.
- **color** (String) Only for widgets of type `free_text`. The color of the text in the widget.
- **color_preference** (String) One of: ['background', 'text']
- **columns** (String) Only for widgets of type `log_stream`. Stringified list of columns to use. Example: `["column1","column2","column3"]`.
- **display_format** (String) One of: ['counts', 'list', 'countsAndList']
- **env** (String) Only for widgets of type `trace_service`. The environment to use.
- **event_size** (String) Only for widgets of type `event_stream`. The size of the events in the widget. Either `s` (small, title only) or `l` (large, full event).
- **font_size** (String) Only for widgets of type `free_text`, `note`. The size of the text in the widget.
- **group** (String) Only for widgets of type `check_status`. The check group to use in the widget.
- **group_by** (List of String) Only for widgets of type `check_status`. When `grouping = "cluster"`, indicates a list of tags to use for grouping.
- **grouping** (String) One of: ['cluster', 'check']
- **height** (Number) The height of the widget.
- **hide_zero_counts** (Boolean) Only for widgets of type `manage_status`. Boolean indicating whether to hide empty categories.
- **html** (String) Only for widgets of type `note`. The content of the widget. HTML tags supported.
- **layout_version** (String) Only for widgets of type `trace_service`. The number of columns to use when displaying values. One of `one_column`, `two_column`, `three_column`.
- **legend** (Boolean) Only for widgets of type `timeseries`, `query_value`, `toplist`. Boolean indicating whether to display a legend in the widget.
- **legend_size** (String) Only for widgets of type `timeseries`, `query_value`, `toplist`. The size of the legend displayed in the widget.
- **logset** (String) Only for widgets of type `log_stream`. ID of the logset to use.
- **manage_status_show_title** (Boolean) Only for widgets of type `manage_status`. Boolean indicating whether to show a title.
- **manage_status_title_align** (String) Only for widgets of type `manage_status`. The alignment of the widget's title. One of `left`, `center`, or `right`.
- **manage_status_title_size** (String) Only for widgets of type `manage_status`. The size of the widget's title.
- **manage_status_title_text** (String) Only for widgets of type `manage_status`. The title of the widget.
- **margin** (String) One of: ['small', 'large']
- **monitor** (Map of String)
- **must_show_breakdown** (Boolean) Only for widgets of type `trace_service`. Boolean indicating whether to display breakdown.
- **must_show_distribution** (Boolean) Only for widgets of type `trace_service`. Boolean indicating whether to display distribution.
- **must_show_errors** (Boolean) Only for widgets of type `trace_service`. Boolean indicating whether to display errors.
- **must_show_hits** (Boolean) Only for widgets of type `trace_service`. Boolean indicating whether to display hits.
- **must_show_latency** (Boolean) Only for widgets of type `trace_service`. Boolean indicating whether to display latency.
- **must_show_resource_list** (Boolean) Only for widgets of type `trace_service` Boolean indicating whether to display resources.
- **params** (Map of String) Only for widgets of type `manage_status`. Nested block describing the monitors to display. The structure of this block is described below. At most one such block should be present in a given widget.
- **precision** (String) Only for widgets of type `query_value`. The precision to use when displaying the tile.
- **query** (String) Only for widgets of type `event_timeline`, `event_stream`, `hostmap`, `log_stream`. The query to use in the widget.
- **rule** (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--widget--rule))
- **service_name** (String) Only for widgets of type `trace_service`. The name of the service to use.
- **service_service** (String) Only for widgets of type `trace_service`. The trace service to use.
- **show_last_triggered** (Boolean) Only for widgets of type `manage_status`. Boolean indicating whether to show when monitors/groups last triggered.
- **size_version** (String) Only for widgets of type `trace_service`. The size of the widget. One of `small`, `medium`, `large`.
- **sizing** (String) One of: ['center', 'zoom', 'fit']
- **summary_type** (String) One of: ['monitors', 'groups', 'combined']
- **tags** (List of String) Only for widgets of type `check_status`. List of tags to use in the widget.
- **text** (String) For widgets of type 'free_text', the text to use.
- **text_align** (String) Only for widgets of type `free_text`, `alert_value`, `note`. The alignment of the text in the widget.
- **text_size** (String) Only for widgets of type `alert_value`. The size of the text in the widget.
- **tick** (Boolean) Only for widgets of type `note`. Boolean indicating whether a tick should be displayed on the border of the widget.
- **tick_edge** (String) Only for widgets of type `note`. When `tick = true`, string indicating on which side of the widget the tick should be displayed. One of `bottom`, `top`, `left`, `right`.
- **tick_pos** (String) Only for widgets of type `note`. When `tick = true`, string with a percent sign indicating the position of the tick. Example: use `tick_pos = "50%"` for centered alignment.
- **tile_def** (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--widget--tile_def))
- **time** (Map of String) Only for widgets of type `timeseries`, `toplist`, `event_timeline`, `event_stream`, `alert_graph`, `check_status`, `trace_service`, `log_stream`. Nested block describing the timeframe to use when displaying the widget. The structure of this block is described below. At most one such block should be present in a given widget.
- **timeframes** (List of String)
- **title** (String) The name of the widget.
- **title_align** (String) The alignment of the widget's title.
- **title_size** (Number) The size of the widget's title.
- **unit** (String) Only for widgets of type `alert_value`. The unit for the value displayed in the widget.
- **url** (String) Only for widgets of type `image`, `iframe`. The URL to use as a data source for the widget.
- **viz_type** (String) One of: ['timeseries', 'toplist']
- **width** (Number) The width of the widget.

<a id="nestedblock--widget--rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `widget.rule`

Optional:

- **color** (String)
- **threshold** (Number)
- **timeframe** (String)


<a id="nestedblock--widget--tile_def"></a>
### Nested Schema for `widget.tile_def`

Required:

- **request** (Block List, Min: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--widget--tile_def--request))
- **viz** (String) Should be the same as the widget's type. One of `timeseries`, `query_value`, `hostmap`, `change`, `toplist`, `process`.

Optional:

- **autoscale** (Boolean) Only for widgets of type `query_value`. Boolean indicating whether to automatically scale the tile.
- **custom_unit** (String) Only for widgets of type `query_value`. The unit for the value displayed in the widget.
- **event** (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--widget--tile_def--event))
- **group** (List of String) Only for widgets of type `hostmap`. The list of tags to group nodes by.
- **marker** (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--widget--tile_def--marker))
- **no_group_hosts** (Boolean) Only for widgets of type `hostmap`. Boolean indicating whether to show ungrouped nodes.
- **no_metric_hosts** (Boolean) Only for widgets of type `hostmap`. Boolean indicating whether to show nodes with no metrics.
- **node_type** (String) Only for widgets of type `hostmap`. The type of node used. Either `host` or `container`.
- **precision** (String) Only for widgets of type `query_value`. The precision to use when displaying the tile.
- **scope** (List of String) Only for widgets of type `hostmap`. The list of tags to filter nodes by.
- **style** (Map of String) Only for widgets of type `hostmap`. Nested block describing how to display the widget. The structure of this block is described below. At most one such block should be present in a given `tile_def` block.
- **text_align** (String) Only for widgets of type `query_value`. The alignment of the text.

<a id="nestedblock--widget--tile_def--request"></a>
### Nested Schema for `widget.tile_def.request`

Optional:

- **aggregator** (String) Only for widgets of type `query_value`. The aggregator to use for time aggregation. One of `avg`, `min`, `max`, `sum`, `last`.
- **apm_query** (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--widget--tile_def--request--apm_query))
- **change_type** (String) Only for widgets of type `change`. Whether to show absolute or relative change. One of `absolute`, `relative`.
- **compare_to** (String) Only for widgets of type `change`. Choose from when to compare current data to. One of `hour_before`, `day_before`, `week_before` or `month_before`.
- **conditional_format** (Block List) A list of conditional formatting rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--widget--tile_def--request--conditional_format))
- **extra_col** (String) Only for widgets of type `change`. If set to `present`, displays current value. Can be left empty otherwise.
- **increase_good** (Boolean) Only for widgets of type `change`. Boolean indicating whether an increase in the value is good (thus displayed in green) or not (thus displayed in red).
- **limit** (Number) Only for widgets of type `process`. Integer indicating the number of hosts to limit to.
- **log_query** (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--widget--tile_def--request--log_query))
- **metadata_json** (String) A JSON blob (preferrably created using [jsonencode](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration/functions/jsonencode.html?_ga=2.6381362.1091155358.1609189257-888022054.1605547463)) representing mapping of query expressions to alias names. Note that the query expressions in `metadata_json` will be ignored if they're not present in the query.
- **metric** (String) Only for widgets of type `process`. The metric you want to use for the widget.
- **order_by** (String) Only for widgets of type `change`. One of `change`, `name`, `present` (present value) or `past` (past value).
- **order_dir** (String) Only for widgets of type `change`. Either `asc` (ascending) or `desc` (descending).
- **process_query** (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--widget--tile_def--request--process_query))
- **q** (String) Only for widgets of type `timeseries`, `query_value`, `toplist`, `change`, `hostmap`: The query of the request. Pro tip: Use the JSON tab inside the Datadog UI to help build you query strings.
- **query_type** (String) Only for widgets of type `process`. Use `process`.
- **style** (Map of String) Only for widgets of type `timeseries`, `query_value`, `toplist`, `process`. How to display the widget. The structure of this block is described below. At most one such block should be present in a given `request` block.
- **tag_filters** (List of String) Only for widgets of type `process`. Tags to use for filtering.
- **text_filter** (String) Only for widgets of type `process`. The search query for the widget.
- **type** (String) Only for widgets of type `timeseries`, `query_value`, `hostmap`: Choose the type of representation to use for this query. For widgets of type `timeseries` and `query_value`, use one of `line`, `bars` or `area`. For widgets of type `hostmap`, use `fill` or `size`.

<a id="nestedblock--widget--tile_def--request--apm_query"></a>
### Nested Schema for `widget.tile_def.request.type`

Required:

- **compute** (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Exactly one nested block is required with the structure below. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--widget--tile_def--request--type--compute))
- **index** (String) Name of the index to query

Optional:

- **group_by** (Block List) Multiple nested blocks are allowed with the structure below. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--widget--tile_def--request--type--group_by))
- **search** (Block List, Max: 1) One nested block is allowed with the structure below. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--widget--tile_def--request--type--search))

<a id="nestedblock--widget--tile_def--request--type--compute"></a>
### Nested Schema for `widget.tile_def.request.type.compute`

Required:

- **aggregation** (String) The aggregation method.

Optional:

- **facet** (String) Facet name.
- **interval** (String) Define a time interval in seconds.


<a id="nestedblock--widget--tile_def--request--type--group_by"></a>
### Nested Schema for `widget.tile_def.request.type.group_by`

Required:

- **facet** (String) Facet name.

Optional:

- **limit** (Number) Maximum number of items in the group.
- **sort** (Block List, Max: 1) One map is allowed with the keys as below. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--widget--tile_def--request--type--group_by--sort))

<a id="nestedblock--widget--tile_def--request--type--group_by--sort"></a>
### Nested Schema for `widget.tile_def.request.type.group_by.sort`

Required:

- **aggregation** (String) The aggregation method.
- **order** (String) Widget sorting methods.

Optional:

- **facet** (String) Facet name.



<a id="nestedblock--widget--tile_def--request--type--search"></a>
### Nested Schema for `widget.tile_def.request.type.search`

Required:

- **query** (String) Query to use.



<a id="nestedblock--widget--tile_def--request--conditional_format"></a>
### Nested Schema for `widget.tile_def.request.type`

Required:

- **comparator** (String) Comparator (<, >, etc)

Optional:

- **color** (String) Custom color (e.g., #205081)
- **custom_bg_color** (String) Custom  background color (e.g., #205081)
- **invert** (Boolean) Boolean indicating whether to invert color scheme.
- **palette** (String) The palette to use if this condition is met.
- **value** (String) Value that is threshold for conditional format


<a id="nestedblock--widget--tile_def--request--log_query"></a>
### Nested Schema for `widget.tile_def.request.type`

Required:

- **compute** (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Exactly one nested block is required with the structure below. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--widget--tile_def--request--type--compute))
- **index** (String) Name of the index to query

Optional:

- **group_by** (Block List) Multiple nested blocks are allowed with the structure below. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--widget--tile_def--request--type--group_by))
- **search** (Block List, Max: 1) One nested block is allowed with the structure below. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--widget--tile_def--request--type--search))

<a id="nestedblock--widget--tile_def--request--type--compute"></a>
### Nested Schema for `widget.tile_def.request.type.compute`

Required:

- **aggregation** (String) The aggregation method.

Optional:

- **facet** (String) Facet name.
- **interval** (String) Define a time interval in seconds.


<a id="nestedblock--widget--tile_def--request--type--group_by"></a>
### Nested Schema for `widget.tile_def.request.type.group_by`

Required:

- **facet** (String) Facet name.

Optional:

- **limit** (Number) Maximum number of items in the group.
- **sort** (Block List, Max: 1) One map is allowed with the keys as below. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--widget--tile_def--request--type--group_by--sort))

<a id="nestedblock--widget--tile_def--request--type--group_by--sort"></a>
### Nested Schema for `widget.tile_def.request.type.group_by.sort`

Required:

- **aggregation** (String) The aggregation method.
- **order** (String) Widget sorting methods.

Optional:

- **facet** (String) Facet name.



<a id="nestedblock--widget--tile_def--request--type--search"></a>
### Nested Schema for `widget.tile_def.request.type.search`

Required:

- **query** (String) Query to use.



<a id="nestedblock--widget--tile_def--request--process_query"></a>
### Nested Schema for `widget.tile_def.request.type`

Required:

- **metric** (String) Your chosen metric.

Optional:

- **filter_by** (List of String) List of processes.
- **limit** (Number) Max number of items in the filter list.
- **search_by** (String) Your chosen search term.



<a id="nestedblock--widget--tile_def--event"></a>
### Nested Schema for `widget.tile_def.event`

Required:

- **q** (String) The search query for event overlays.


<a id="nestedblock--widget--tile_def--marker"></a>
### Nested Schema for `widget.tile_def.marker`

Required:

- **type** (String) How the marker lines will look. Possible values are one of {`error`, `warning`, `info`, `ok`} combined with one of {`dashed`, `solid`, `bold`}. Example: `error dashed`.
- **value** (String) Mathematical expression describing the marker. Examples: `y > 1`, `-5 < y < 0`, `y = 19`.

Optional:

- **label** (String) A label for the line or range.




<a id="nestedblock--template_variable"></a>
### Nested Schema for `template_variable`

Required:

- **name** (String) The name of the variable.

Optional:

- **default** (String) The default value for the template variable on dashboard load.
- **prefix** (String) The tag prefix associated with the variable. Only tags with this prefix will appear in the variable dropdown.


