---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datadog_security_notification_rule Resource - terraform-provider-datadog"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a Datadog Security Monitoring Notification Rule API resource for creating and managing Datadog security notification rules.
---

# datadog_security_notification_rule (Resource)

Provides a Datadog Security Monitoring Notification Rule API resource for creating and managing Datadog security notification rules.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datadog_security_notification_rule" "signal_rule" {
  name = "My signal notification rule"
  selectors {
    trigger_source = "security_signals"
    rule_types     = ["workload_security"]
    query          = "env:prod"
  }
  enabled = false
  targets = ["@bob@email.com", "@alice@email.com"]
}

resource "datadog_security_notification_rule" "vulnerability_rule" {
  name = "My vulnerability notification rule"
  selectors {
    trigger_source = "security_findings"
    rule_types     = ["application_library_vulnerability", "identity_risk"]
    severities     = ["critical", "high"]
  }
  time_aggregation = 36000
  targets          = ["@john@email.com"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the rule (must be unique).
- `targets` (Set of String) The list of handle targets for the notifications.

### Optional

- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the rule is enabled. Defaults to `true`.
- `selectors` (Block, Optional) Defines selectors to filter security issues that generate notifications. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--selectors))
- `time_aggregation` (Number) Specifies the time period, in seconds, used to aggregate the notification. Defaults to `0`.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (Number) Indicates when this rule was created.
- `created_by_handle` (String) The handle of the rule creator.
- `created_by_name` (String) The name of the rule creator.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `modified_at` (Number) Indicates when this rule was last modified.
- `modified_by_handle` (String) The handle of the rule last modifier.
- `modified_by_name` (String) The name of the rule last modifier.
- `version` (Number) The rule version (incremented at each update).

<a id="nestedblock--selectors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `selectors`

Required:

- `rule_types` (Set of String) Specifies security rule types for filtering signals and vulnerabilities that generate notifications.
- `trigger_source` (String) The type of security issues the rule applies to. Use `security_signals` for rules based on security signals and `security_findings` for those based on vulnerabilities.

Optional:

- `query` (String) Comprises one or several key:value pairs for filtering security issues based on tags and attributes. Defaults to `""`.
- `severities` (Set of String) The security rules severities to consider.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import datadog_security_notification_rule.signal_rule yq9-t9l-bso
```
