---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datadog_synthetics_global_variable Resource - terraform-provider-datadog"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a Datadog synthetics global variable resource. This can be used to create and manage Datadog synthetics global variables.
---

# datadog_synthetics_global_variable (Resource)

Provides a Datadog synthetics global variable resource. This can be used to create and manage Datadog synthetics global variables.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datadog_synthetics_global_variable" "test_variable" {
  name        = "EXAMPLE_VARIABLE"
  description = "Description of the variable"
  tags        = ["foo:bar", "env:test"]
  value       = "variable-value"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **name** (String) Synthetics global variable name.
- **value** (String, Sensitive) The value of the global variable.

### Optional

- **description** (String) Description of the global variable.
- **parse_test_id** (String) Id of the Synthetics test to use for a variable from test.
- **parse_test_options** (Block List, Max: 1) ID of the Synthetics test to use a source of the global variable value. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--parse_test_options))
- **restricted_roles** (Set of String) A list of role identifiers to associate with the Synthetics global variable.
- **secure** (Boolean) If set to true, the value of the global variable is hidden. Defaults to `false`.
- **tags** (List of String) A list of tags to associate with your synthetics global variable.

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--parse_test_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parse_test_options`

Required:

- **parser** (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--parse_test_options--parser))
- **type** (String) Defines the source to use to extract the value. Valid values are `http_body`, `http_header`.

Optional:

- **field** (String) Required when type = `http_header`. Defines the header to use to extract the value

<a id="nestedblock--parse_test_options--parser"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parse_test_options.parser`

Required:

- **type** (String) Type of parser to extract the value. Valid values are `raw`, `json_path`, `regex`, `x_path`.

Optional:

- **value** (String) Value for the parser to use, required for type `json_path` or `regex`.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Synthetics global variables can be imported using their string ID, e.g.
terraform import datadog_synthetics_global_variable.fizz abcde123-fghi-456-jkl-mnopqrstuv
```
