---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datadog_synthetics_private_location Resource - terraform-provider-datadog"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a Datadog synthetics private location resource. This can be used to create and manage Datadog synthetics private locations.
---

# datadog_synthetics_private_location (Resource)

Provides a Datadog synthetics private location resource. This can be used to create and manage Datadog synthetics private locations.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datadog_synthetics_private_location" "private_location" {
  name        = "First private location"
  description = "Description of the private location"
  tags        = ["foo:bar", "env:test"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Synthetics private location name.

### Optional

- `api_key` (String, Sensitive) API key used to generate the private location configuration.
- `description` (String) Description of the private location. Defaults to `""`.
- `metadata` (Block List) The private location metadata (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata))
- `tags` (List of String) A list of tags to associate with your synthetics private location.

### Read-Only

- `config` (String, Sensitive) Configuration skeleton for the private location. See installation instructions of the private location on how to use this configuration.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `restriction_policy_resource_id` (String) Resource ID to use when setting restrictions with a `datadog_restriction_policy` resource.

<a id="nestedblock--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Optional:

- `restricted_roles` (Set of String, Deprecated) A set of role identifiers pulled from the Roles API to restrict read and write access. **Deprecated.** This field is no longer supported by the Datadog API. Please use `datadog_restriction_policy` instead.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
# Synthetics private locations can be imported using their string ID, e.g.
terraform import datadog_synthetics_private_location.bar pl:private-location-name-abcdef123456
```
